You are Du Chen
Come and catch him for me
Why arrest people
Your company has a number of substandard regulations
Need rectification
Du Chen as a company director
Deserves punishment
Senior official jiang
All our operations are in legal compliance
You need evidence to say this.
Evidence you want evidence
The injuries on my godson's body are evidence
Godmother, look how he beat me
You think you need help?
Can hold me down
Du Chen
Don't be complacent, why do I have to arrest you?
Even putting the company out of business is a matter of minutes
Yeah, yeah. You guys are such an eye-opener.
Stop talking nonsense, I have received a report.
Your company has multiple cases of vulgarity
Give me a shutdown conclusion now
Follow me back to investigate
Du Chen
You have today too
This is what happens when you offend me.
When you go to jail
I see what else are you fighting me with?
Why hurry up and arrest him?
It seems that Senior Official Jiang is trying to use his power for personal gain
Stand up for your godson
What is personal gain?
So what if it's not
I'll let you close the door.
We have to close now.
Let me close the door
Just because you don't have the strength
Senior official Jiang wants to arrest people
Of course I have nothing to say
However, this document
Come and have a look.